Congratulations! We've made it
together through the end
of our focus on SQL.
You've put in a lot of
work and learned an
important tool that
will help you on your journey
as a security analyst.
Let's take a moment
to go through all
of the topics you
learned in this section.
We started by learning about
the structure of
relational databases
and how we can access them by
using the query language SQL.
We then got hands-on practice
with writing our
own SQL queries.
We used SQL to bring up
information you might
need on the job when
working as an analyst.
We then focused on SQL filters.
We started with simple
conditions with strings,
and by the end, we
learned how to use
multiple filters in one query.
We concluded the unit with SQL
joins and learned how to
join multiple tables,
giving us even more
information at once.
By completing this course,
you just took a very big step in
your future career as
a security analyst.
You have been introduced to
a powerful tool that can
help you in your work.
Whenever you need to,
I encourage you to revisit
the materials in this course.
Learning a querying language
like SQL takes time.
Thank you again for joining
me in this journey.
I hope you'll enjoy using
SQL as much as I do.